readme.md, before:

# bTime

**bTime** is a small lightweight library, with no dependencies, designed to help manage schedules using bit manipulation.  It is particularly suited to working with dense schedules with discreet time intervals, e.g. 5 minutes.

## Getting Started

### From Source

1. Download the github repository
1. run `npm i` to install all the required packages
1. run `npm build` to build **bTime** in the `/dist` folder

### Development and Testing

1. run `npm i` to install all the required packages
1. run `npm build` to build **bTime** in the `/dist` folder
1. run `npm t` to run all tests
1. run `npm run stryker` to run mutation tests

## Using bTime

**bTime** includes two primary classes, [Scheduler](./documentation/scheduler.md) and [BinaryTimeFactory](./documentation/binaryTimeFactory.md).  Scheduler instantiates its own `BinaryTimeFactory` when instantiated.  `BinaryTimeFactory` can also be instantiated separately if one desires to directly make use of the binary time utils;

```typescript
  // If using the scheduler
  // Instantiates a new Scheduler with a time interval of 5 min.
  const scheduler: Scheduler = new Scheduler(5); 

  // To get remaining availability
  const remainingAvailabiltiy: string[] = scheduler.getCurrentAvailability(schedule);

  // To update a schedule
  const updatedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.updateSchedule(proposedSchedule, currentSchedule);

  // To process an appointment
  const processedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.processAppointment(appointment, schedule, ScheduleActions.BOOKING_UPDATE);

  // To process an array of appointments
  const processedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.processAppointments(appointments, schedule, ScheduleActions.BOOKING_UPDATE);

  // To convert a schedule to an appointment schedule
  const processedSchedule: AppointmentSchedule = scheduler.convertScheduleToAppointmentSchedule(schedule);

  // If using the factory directly
  // Instantiates a new BinaryTimeFactory with a time interval of 5 min.
  const binaryTimeFactory: BinaryTimeFactory = new BinaryTimeFactory(5);  
```

Further information on these two classes can be found here:
* [Scheduler](./documentation/scheduler.md)
* [BinaryTimeFactory](./documentation/binaryTimeFactory.md)

## Coming Features

1. Add instructions on how to handle the case where appointment crosses the week barrier & add utility to detect such cases
1. Clean up JSDocs
1. Throw Exceptions for cleaning stack tracing & surround with catches
1. Clean up and reorganize some functions
1. Bit Array mode (don't store as strings), optional parameter
1. Allow compressed storage mode
1. Add an example use case

## Assumptions

1. Weeks start on Sunday
1. Times are expected to be in UTC
1. Using 2016 * 2 digits (as a string, once for the schedule, once for bookings) to store the time for the week is ok for 5 min intervals, note this adjusts as time interval size changes.  The efficiency is greater for denser schedules.

Commit message:

Add week boundary check utility

readme.md, after:

# bTime

**bTime** is a small lightweight library, with no dependencies and 100% test and mutation test coverage, designed to help manage schedules using bit manipulation.  It is particularly suited to working with dense schedules with discreet time intervals, e.g. 5 minutes.

## Getting Started

### From Source

1. Download the github repository
1. run `npm i` to install all the required packages
1. run `npm build` to build **bTime** in the `/dist` folder

### Development and Testing

1. run `npm i` to install all the required packages
1. run `npm build` to build **bTime** in the `/dist` folder
1. run `npm t` to run all tests
1. run `npm run stryker` to run mutation tests

## Using bTime

**bTime** includes two primary classes, [Scheduler](./documentation/scheduler.md) and [BinaryTimeFactory](./documentation/binaryTimeFactory.md).  Scheduler instantiates its own `BinaryTimeFactory` when instantiated.  `BinaryTimeFactory` can also be instantiated separately if one desires to directly make use of the binary time utils;

```typescript
  // If using the scheduler
  // Instantiates a new Scheduler with a time interval of 5 min.
  const scheduler: Scheduler = new Scheduler(5); 

  // To get remaining availability
  const remainingAvailabiltiy: string[] = scheduler.getCurrentAvailability(schedule);

  // To update a schedule
  const updatedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.updateSchedule(proposedSchedule, currentSchedule);

  // To process an appointment
  const processedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.processAppointment(appointment, schedule, ScheduleActions.BOOKING_UPDATE);

  // To process an array of appointments
  const processedSchedule: Schedule | false = scheduler.processAppointments(appointments, schedule, ScheduleActions.BOOKING_UPDATE);

  // To convert a schedule to an appointment schedule
  const processedSchedule: AppointmentSchedule = scheduler.convertScheduleToAppointmentSchedule(schedule);

  // If using the factory directly
  // Instantiates a new BinaryTimeFactory with a time interval of 5 min.
  const binaryTimeFactory: BinaryTimeFactory = new BinaryTimeFactory(5);  
```

Further information on these two classes can be found here:
* [Scheduler](./documentation/scheduler.md)
* [BinaryTimeFactory](./documentation/binaryTimeFactory.md)

## Coming Features

1. Add instructions on how to handle the case where appointment crosses the week barrier, using util functions
1. Clean up JSDocs
1. Throw Exceptions for cleaning stack tracing & surround with catches
1. Clean up and reorganize some functions
1. Bit Array mode (don't store as strings), optional parameter
1. Allow compressed storage mode
1. Add an example use case

## Assumptions

1. Weeks start on Sunday
1. Times are expected to be in UTC
1. Using 2016 * 2 digits (as a string, once for the schedule, once for bookings) to store the time for the week is ok for 5 min intervals, note this adjusts as time interval size changes.  The efficiency is greater for denser schedules.
